README.md, before:


---

# Table of Contents
- [Dataset Card](#dataset-card)
  - [Dataset Description](#dataset-description)
    - [Dataset Download Link](#dataset-download-link)
    - [Dataset Languages](#dataset-languages)
  - [Dataset Structure](#dataset-structure)
    - [Data Fields](#data-fields)
- [Model Card](#model-card)
  - [Model Description](#model-description)
    - [Model Summary](#model-summary)
    - [Model Tags](#model-tags)
    - [Model Input and Output](#model-input-and-output)
- [Additional Information](#additional-information)
  - [Licensing Information](#licensing-information)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)    


# Dataset Card 

## Dataset Description

Map text recognized from the georeferenced Rumsey historical map collection.

### Dataset Download Link

- **Original Map Images:**  https://www.davidrumsey.com/
- **Processed Output:** https://s3.msi.umn.edu/rumsey_output/geojson_testr_syn_54119.zip

### Dataset Languages

English

### Language Creators:

Machine-generated

## Dataset Structure

### Data Fields

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5383572/188784909-10cd04fd-4b61-4205-a563-33d20f9026db.png" width="700">

### Output File Name

Output geojson file is named after the external ID of origina map image.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5383572/188785367-446690fd-76fc-47db-b2ae-a1fac4fc61d6.png" width="700">



# Model Card 

## Model Description

A **fully automatic** pipeline to process a large amount of scanned historical map images. **Outputs** include the recognized text labels, label bounding polygons, labels after post-OCR correction and geo-entity identifier in OSM database. 

### Model Summary

- **Orange boxes:** Modules in the pipeline
- **Blue boxes:** Inputs of the modules
- **Green boxes:** Outputs of the modules

<img width="1627" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5383572/189727942-80ad63c6-6c2e-478a-9992-c0f1519a0549.png">

### Model Details
- **ImageCropping** module divides huge map images (>10K pixels) to smaller image patches (1K pixels) so that TextSpotter could process.

- **PatchTextSpotter** is instantiated with the [TESTR](https://github.com/mlpc-ucsd/TESTR) model which detects and recognizes text labels on images. We use the pretrained weights on ICDAR 2015 dataset, then fine-tune on synthetic historical map images. 

- **PatchtoMapMerging** is the module to merge the patch-level spotting results into map-level.

- **GeocoordinateConverter** converts the text label bounding polygons from image coordinates system to geocoordinates system. Note: polygons in both coordinate systems are saved in the output. 

- **PostOCR** helps to verify the output and correct misspelled words from PatchTextSpotter using the external knowledge bases (e.g., OpenStreetMap). Post-OCR applies fuzzy search for finding the text candidates using elastic search and picks one candidate by the word popularity from the dictionary. 

- **EntityLinker** finds the candidate geo-entities in the external knowledge bases (e.g., OpenStreetMap) for the places on historical map. The entity linking is implemented with elastic search method which considers not only the text label, but also their geo-coordinates. (Geo-coordinates are obtained from GeocoordConverter)


### How To Use
All the modules can be launched from `run.py`. All the outputs will be saved in the `expt_name` subfolder in `output_folder` specified in the input arguments. 

```
usage: run.py [-h] [--map_kurator_system_dir MAP_KURATOR_SYSTEM_DIR] [--text_spotting_model_dir TEXT_SPOTTING_MODEL_DIR]
              [--sample_map_csv_path SAMPLE_MAP_CSV_PATH] [--output_folder OUTPUT_FOLDER] [--expt_name EXPT_NAME] [--module_get_dimension]
              [--module_gen_geotiff] [--module_cropping] [--module_text_spotting] [--module_img_geojson] [--module_geocoord_geojson] [--module_entity_linking]
              [--module_post_ocr] [--spotter_model {abcnet,testr}] [--spotter_config SPOTTER_CONFIG] [--spotter_expt_name SPOTTER_EXPT_NAME] [--print_command]

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --map_kurator_system_dir MAP_KURATOR_SYSTEM_DIR
  --text_spotting_model_dir TEXT_SPOTTING_MODEL_DIR
  --sample_map_csv_path SAMPLE_MAP_CSV_PATH
  --output_folder OUTPUT_FOLDER
  --expt_name EXPT_NAME
  --module_get_dimension
  --module_gen_geotiff
  --module_cropping
  --module_text_spotting
  --module_img_geojson
  --module_geocoord_geojson
  --module_entity_linking
  --module_post_ocr
  --spotter_model {abcnet,testr}
                        Select text spotting model option from ["abcnet","testr"]
  --spotter_config SPOTTER_CONFIG
                        Path to the config file for text spotting model
  --spotter_expt_name SPOTTER_EXPT_NAME
                        Name of spotter experiment, if empty using config file name
  --print_command
  ```

### Model Tags
- Text spotting
- Entity Linking
- Historical maps


# Additional Information

### Licensing Information

MIT License

### Contribution and Acknowledgement

Thanks to [@zekun-li](https://zekun-li.github.io/),[@Jina-Kim](https://github.com/Jina-Kim), [@MinNamgung](https://github.com/MinNamgung) and [@linyijun](https://github.com/linyijun) for adding this dataset and models. 

Thanks to [TESTR](https://github.com/mlpc-ucsd/TESTR) for an open-source text spotting model.

Commit message:

postocr module and run.py update

README.md, after:


---

# Table of Contents
- [Dataset Card](#dataset-card)
  - [Dataset Description](#dataset-description)
    - [Dataset Download Link](#dataset-download-link)
    - [Dataset Languages](#dataset-languages)
  - [Dataset Structure](#dataset-structure)
    - [Data Fields](#data-fields)
- [Model Card](#model-card)
  - [Model Description](#model-description)
    - [Model Summary](#model-summary)
    - [Model Tags](#model-tags)
    - [Model Input and Output](#model-input-and-output)
- [Additional Information](#additional-information)
  - [Licensing Information](#licensing-information)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)    


# Dataset Card 

## Dataset Description

Map text recognized from the georeferenced Rumsey historical map collection.

### Dataset Download Link

- **Original Map Images:**  https://www.davidrumsey.com/
- **Processed Output:** https://s3.msi.umn.edu/rumsey_output/geojson_testr_syn_54119.zip

### Dataset Languages

English

### Language Creators:

Machine-generated

## Dataset Structure

### Data Fields

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5383572/188784909-10cd04fd-4b61-4205-a563-33d20f9026db.png" width="700">

### Output File Name

Output geojson file is named after the external ID of origina map image.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5383572/188785367-446690fd-76fc-47db-b2ae-a1fac4fc61d6.png" width="700">



# Model Card 

## Model Description

A **fully automatic** pipeline to process a large amount of scanned historical map images. **Outputs** include the recognized text labels, label bounding polygons, labels after post-OCR correction and geo-entity identifier in OSM database. 

### Model Summary

- **Orange boxes:** Modules in the pipeline
- **Blue boxes:** Inputs of the modules
- **Green boxes:** Outputs of the modules

<img width="1627" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5383572/189727942-80ad63c6-6c2e-478a-9992-c0f1519a0549.png">

### Model Details
- **ImageCropping** module divides huge map images (>10K pixels) to smaller image patches (1K pixels) so that TextSpotter could process.

- **PatchTextSpotter** is instantiated with the [TESTR](https://github.com/mlpc-ucsd/TESTR) model which detects and recognizes text labels on images. We use the pretrained weights on ICDAR 2015 dataset, then fine-tune on synthetic historical map images. 

- **PatchtoMapMerging** is the module to merge the patch-level spotting results into map-level.

- **GeocoordinateConverter** converts the text label bounding polygons from image coordinates system to geocoordinates system. Note: polygons in both coordinate systems are saved in the output. 

- **PostOCR** helps to verify the output and correct misspelled words from PatchTextSpotter using the external knowledge bases (e.g., OpenStreetMap). Post-OCR module finds words' candidates by fuzzy search algorithm from elastic search tools and picks one candidate by the word popularity from the dictionary. 

- **EntityLinker** finds the candidate geo-entities in the external knowledge bases (e.g., OpenStreetMap) for the places on historical map. The entity linking is implemented with elastic search method which considers not only the text label, but also their geo-coordinates. (Geo-coordinates are obtained from GeocoordConverter)


### How To Use
All the modules can be launched from `run.py`. All the outputs will be saved in the `expt_name` subfolder in `output_folder` specified in the input arguments. 

```
usage: run.py [-h] [--map_kurator_system_dir MAP_KURATOR_SYSTEM_DIR] [--text_spotting_model_dir TEXT_SPOTTING_MODEL_DIR]
              [--sample_map_csv_path SAMPLE_MAP_CSV_PATH] [--output_folder OUTPUT_FOLDER] [--expt_name EXPT_NAME] [--module_get_dimension]
              [--module_gen_geotiff] [--module_cropping] [--module_text_spotting] [--module_img_geojson] [--module_geocoord_geojson] [--module_entity_linking]
              [--module_post_ocr] [--spotter_model {abcnet,testr}] [--spotter_config SPOTTER_CONFIG] [--spotter_expt_name SPOTTER_EXPT_NAME] [--print_command]

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --map_kurator_system_dir MAP_KURATOR_SYSTEM_DIR
  --text_spotting_model_dir TEXT_SPOTTING_MODEL_DIR
  --sample_map_csv_path SAMPLE_MAP_CSV_PATH
  --output_folder OUTPUT_FOLDER
  --expt_name EXPT_NAME
  --module_get_dimension
  --module_gen_geotiff
  --module_cropping
  --module_text_spotting
  --module_img_geojson
  --module_geocoord_geojson
  --module_entity_linking
  --module_post_ocr
  --spotter_model {abcnet,testr}
                        Select text spotting model option from ["abcnet","testr"]
  --spotter_config SPOTTER_CONFIG
                        Path to the config file for text spotting model
  --spotter_expt_name SPOTTER_EXPT_NAME
                        Name of spotter experiment, if empty using config file name
  --print_command
  ```

### Model Tags
- Text spotting
- Entity Linking
- Historical maps


# Additional Information

### Licensing Information

MIT License

### Contribution and Acknowledgement

Thanks to [@zekun-li](https://zekun-li.github.io/),[@Jina-Kim](https://github.com/Jina-Kim), [@MinNamgung](https://github.com/MinNamgung) and [@linyijun](https://github.com/linyijun) for adding this dataset and models. 

Thanks to [TESTR](https://github.com/mlpc-ucsd/TESTR) for an open-source text spotting model.
